on the right foot that comes and goes national tourism is long
ubique pineapple opened they beat him chapur migliore in the straight
how lorenzo was going
explained
has stopped did not see it seems to me that if abel threw by the tiger also by
rosemary
who came to a boom step such event
and well you could see
attention to see if the bolt test stops I'm not living like that the company
straight was armed mess barbarian mauritius yes yes yes
as they are surely going to put
Red flag
nothing has happened
when you can quickly get the car out
we'll see if you can
if it was not locked
accuses each of the protagonists was recharged home and if you want to be it
he was wearing
the noise was opened by those who came in front of the house and
he found
He referred in January
here they are no longer taking out the yapur car so there will not be
not even attitude perform the test have worked very well that the people of
rescue when it stays federico carrió went on sale on the 20th by the
goal trend
I said to her they hit her start thinking we were much stronger what
grabbed from glancing good first lap there is gaining local michelito that
it escapes
pablo gonzález
jacopo nor saw a sheet like the michelito pointer that secures the press
there is with everything adapted male
for all this
this form is complicated
it's beyond that
what we anticipated there was oil but I think that
lowe the earth has mixed all school
like in the car that I receive suprapoder to throw the pebble offshore
it is impossible to keep it compensation committee
And what do you want me to do
of carambola
monfils said goodbye with outside said federer
But there he stood up, applauding. He finished outside, said Perez, from Bahia.
white going
but several positions but bush for betting or leave because I saw that he touches
complicated to be everywhere they touched him he hit with easter and the
efe silvestre took it to diego pérez when he returned to track and
there's the tip of the race and it's coming
but peñarol caramba anaco
robberies to the route by the
followed by the silver approved his walk out there
the fierce cofrades I refer sector
Rubalcaba has clarified what can take
and there you look, it does not seem like it's late
herrera for jara unfortunately fundamental protagonist of this final
of the orc class
good so I want the camera low basket
it seems to me that it does not go any further
there is modification of the marcelo team after doing
good right
silvio florit price per
sciara said crime min 12 laps to four of the end 30m
so if the recovery is fragile
eye that they gave to said you want to take opposite to the pri here hit you
Look how to claim that this small gunner was a vote and the career of the
silver iberia came as second in the championship to lose as a tote
position on the street
or fourteenth
apparently the money
and there was good turn again
with respect to the previous period
what left two out but all that
mouth wants victory eight home 4 formula
another round for the other there is still a difference car in favor and the bichi
Galician river election is paralyzing the capital of Santa Cruz with
this victory continue in the second
means for the championship but will crash or want six canned trying
he showed him the car outside
I had a jailer
if that is what it is
or maybe you're
bailléres lobo to unemployment and to aspire to ha ha ha
for heads since we were from now on it aspires to return to the network
Maria de Iquique
do not
michelle 2
there are judges to the public the grateful but said
year michieletto term in a magnificent career at its best
participation in the matías machuca category
Third ended Bruno Bosio
He had also lengthened
quite a bit behind, it could have been a good race just as matías iseppi
finished in fourth place
fifth has finished
Roque Emiliano Giacoponi, these are the only ones who have already recovered a lot of ground
7th badaracco eighth to laugh
good tubs tenth term car
11th morín and twelfth alonso 13th bockelmann 14th boston and 15th galician
16th wealth seventeenth place for dadomo 18º rodríguez 19º gordinho
20th term credits